# Pizza_Executive_Report_pdf
Based on pizza orders, determining the ingredients Pizza Maven should buy in order to become a more efficient restaurant in terms of stock management,
saving the results of such suggestions to a xml file and building an executive report in pdf format with key stats for Pizza Maven´s COO. To do so, in the first place
you have to run in the python terminal the following command: "pip install -r requirements.txt", which will automatically download the necessary
libraries for the programs to work correctly. In this repo you will find two executable python files: "maven_pizzas_2016_pdf.py" and "crear_pdf.py".
The first one uses the files given by Maven Pizzas "order_details.csv", "orders.csv", "pizzas.csv" and "pizza_types.csv" to predict and estimate the
ingredients Pizza Maven´s manager should by each week of the following year. Additionaly, this program generates an xml file ("informe_pizzas_maven_2016.xml")
which corresponds to a brief report and analysis of the data's quality. The other program, "crear_pdf.py", will be the one in charge of generating the pdf.

To build such prediction, the program "maven_pizzas_2016_pdf.py" processes the "order_details.csv" file, applying some indispensable changes to the pizza names and the quantity,
so that every one of them has the same structure to simplify the next operations and treatment of the dataframes. Then, the program sums up all the pizzas
that were ordered last year, differentiating pizza type and size. Then, divides that total quantity by 52 (number of weeks in a year) and takes the roof of
the result of the division (for example, 300/52 = 5,769 => 6). Once this procediture has been done for every kind of pizza, we have the number of pizzas of
each type ordered in an average week. Now, the program multiplies each pizza´s ingredientes by the number of pizzas of such type ordered in one week by
another factor, related with the size. For each size, we consider the following units of each ingredient in one particular pizza: {s:1, m:2, l:3, xl: 4, xxl: 5}

Once the number of ingredients has been calculated, leaving room for some misestimation, an xml file is generated with the name "compra_semanal_ingredientes.xml".
This file is a kind of shopping list Pizza Maven´s manager should follow each week to be efficient and throw almost no food at all. The same information is also
uploaded to a csv named "compra_semanal_ingredientes.csv", which will be used by the program "crear_pdf" to build the necessary charts and graphs that will be
included in the pdf report. In the Repo, you can find two images that have been taken from the Internet: "pizza_cocinada.png" and "maven_logo.png". There images
are bar charts generated by "crear_pdf". All the images are pasted in the pdf Executive Report.
